---
title: Post 2
date: 2025-07-05
layout: default
---

### Second post / old content:

This train of thought begins with the identification of two unique relationships: First, nature and technology. Second, human existence and human thought. What makes these two relationships unique is in how deeply they allow for insight into the fundamental connections between human existence and nature, as well as, technology and the human mind by polarizing the key concepts in a contradictory manner. When referring to the human mind I do not necessarily mean one specific person's mind and/or thoughts - what I intend to mean is all of humanity's thoughts as a whole. In other words, I am referring to the overall human experience... all humans that have lived in the past, will live in the future, and are living right now; any human ever. We can refer to this perception of humanity as Natural Humanity.

When viewing this existence as a shared experience, one can understand that all humans put together account for the existence of that in itself: our entire being. From this point, you can more easily examine the relationship between human existence and nature. Nature is the environment in which humans live, while also being the meaning and/or intention of any particular happening. What I mean by this is that nature represents more than simply the natural world around you; nature is also the way in which our environment effects us. Nature is not only macro-level physical reality, but also the macrocosm's relationship with the microcosm. Furthermore, nature is both our physical environment and our connection to that environment at the same time. Without nature, we would not be human, and without humans, nature would be waiting to make a new relation in order to serve as a macrocosm for a conscious microcosm. We can refer to this perception of nature as Natural Reality.

Moving forward with the ideas of Natural Humanity and Natural Reality many things become clear. One realizes that nature and humanity seem to be working together in order to achieve something. They seem to be desiring to take some sort of action towards one another without fully thinking things through. They appear to both admire and despise one another. They insist on running away from one other, only to come back together with a stronger reaction than before. Though they don't have the best relationship, the natural humanity and natural reality seem to be expressing a complex, yet common emotion called love.

This is where the original two relationships stated at the beginning of this article come to serve their true purpose: nature and technology, human existence and human thought. For example, here is a comparison: humanity depends on nature to physically exist while nature depends on humans to mentally exist. However, what does nature depend on to physically exist and what do humans depend on to mentally exist? To answer these questions you must further re-examine both of the original relations. Do the same comparison, but with the opposite variables: technology depends on the human mind to physically exist while the human mind depends on technology to mentally exist. Now, what is meant by physical and mental is not as singular as it seems. By physical I mean acting out within the micro-level of reality. By mental I mean acting out within the macro-level of reality. Applying this insight to the previously stated comparisons uncovers an interesting truth.

Our minds, our thoughts, our human ingenuities strive to create and alter our environment, which leads our instincts towards harnessing themselves within this form and putting our hands to work - forging our ideas from our minds into material being. Our minds create the ideas for the technology we create in order to advance our existence upon its path. In other words, the macro-level aspects of human existence create the micro-level aspects of technology. The opposite must also be true: the micro-level aspects of human existence creaet the macro-level aspects of technology. Now, what are the macrocosmic aspects of technology?

This is where one must accept that these aspects of technology are nothing but the human mind. Technology is the physical representation of human thought, and the opposite is also true: human thought is the mental representation of technology. Lets think back to the original two relations once again: nature and technology, human existence and human thought. By now it is clear that by existence I mean physical (micro-level) reality, and by thought I mean mental (macro-level) reality. Both aspects are always present.

Ultimately, humanity's physical and mental realities are both conscious parts of the human experience, therefore, they must be one in the same at some scale. However, would the opposite also be true? Most people do not experience nature's consciousness as part of their own, but remember what was stated previously: nature is also humanity's relationship to our environment. So in truth... if humanity improves our relationship with nature to the point to where we truly love one another, then we can become one and the same through a natural process of growth.


[← Back to Home](/)
/
[View all posts](/posts)